----------  TODO  ----------

Dodging
	Press Q to go 40 px in the direction of whichever way your facing (prolly gonna end up being like 5px/s kinda speed, ending up being 8 frame dodge, could double if not fast enough tho)
	Will be invulnerable during dodge
Menu
	Will probably wait until I_was_me sends out concept art for the menu, or at least a font
Abilities
	Can be seen in the obj_player create file, but abilities will be "boomerang", "SpeedBuff", "Rage", "FiringRateBuff", "Turret", "AttackBuff", "Heal", "iFramesBuff", "FIREBALL", and "Lightning"
		Boomerang: Is what it sounds; high range, low damage, but can hit multiple enemies and will return to you in a circular motion
		Speedbuff: Is what it sounds; once below 30% HP, you will gain a 50% speed buff (or other way around too lazy to look at the slideshow rn)
		Rage: once below 50% HP, you gain a 30% attack boost (that might have been the numbers for speedbuff idk)
		FiringRateBuff: Not even gonna explain
		Turret: Become immobile for 10 or so seconds, but firing speed and attack power is increased dramatically
		Attack buff: not gonna explain
		Heal: heal anywhere between 10% - 50% HP with 30 - 45 second cooldown (idk how long)
		iFramesBuff: Not gonna explain
		FIREBALL: FIREBALL
		Lightning: Basic attack thats currently implemented, might add an after effects thing, make it significantly longer and wider, like 10x faster, something that makes it more lightning-y
	Abilities might be linked to skill tree; will ask I_was_me about that later
Skill tree (speaking of)
	Skills will be unlockable, likely based on class
	Skills will likely just be abilities mentioned earlier
	Might be upgradable, will have to ask
	Will be unlocked with…
Levels
	XP will be gained after clearing a room or set of rooms, completing a puzzle, or defeating enemies
	Amounts will vary depending on what you've done
	100 XP to a level
Puzzles
	Need to ask Yaboily about the puzzles (he's designing them so I'll need to code them as he gives me the puzzles)
Cutscenes
	Same deal with Puzzles, Akurora is writing the story, and I can't entirely do much without knowing what the story will consist of
	speaking of which he just sent me this in discord: 
		“You are Counselor in a school system, You notice 5 particular kids that do not seem as active in a social aspect(abused). You pull up their files at the school computer and you do research on these children. One night as you’re sleeping you drift off into a dream. You think it is just another normal dream(in a roguelite fantasy). You defeat the final boss of the dream and go to work the next day. You notice one of the 5 particular kids are doing far better. You hop into another dream and do the same thing. You notice another kid starts doing better, now you are curious. You get transported into another dream ready for a fight, but you’re not in a normal dream. There are other people just like you here, helping to make the dream world a better place. An attendant of DreamCatcher Inc. comes up to talk with you. She explains that you have a high dream affinity. Meaning despite your age, you have the ability to dream every night. With high dream affinity you are also able to be transported into another person's dream. With this skill set you were (forcefully) recruited to work on a case that involves a family of 5 children and two parents. The attendant explains that the children are abused by their parents and one child takes the beating harsher than the others protecting his siblings. Now you have a reason to help these children. From there on you are devoted to purging these phantom parasites(not physical/ metaphorical) from these children. One night when you think the children are all better and you think this case is done. You get transported to another dream, this time, this mind…is utter horror. You get transported to a cross-dream of the parents. You realize they have high dream affinity too. This is how they have been abusing their children. Physically & mentally."
	First 2 dreams will be tutorials, after you get contacted by the company, you will be sent into actual dungeons
Music
	Should be simple to implement, just need to wait for the music to come in from Ivory & ImmuneFlyer
Weapons and armor
	Add weapons and armor
	Players will only have one melee weapon, one ranged weapon, and one set of armor that they can upgrade throughout the dungeon
	Each class (except for adventurer) will have a signature weapon that will be like 10x more powerful than their other weapon. I.E. Mage will have a ranged wand that might do 80 damage attack at max level, but a melee stick that does like 10 damage at max level
	Weapons and armor will automatically equip when you buy them in the lobby (Will probably implement it as simply upping your attack stat and drawing a different name in the stats screen)